It’s really easy to do a whole bad website.
Just need to write Code to write Infinite Loop
One page will be endless
The only reason why no one is arrogant, it’s really innocent.
After many years, there are web pages.
Intentionally or unintentionally
Crash B a Browser
But today, today, the Web, I want to know more about Like and Share.
Crash, a Browser, stirs you up.
You are sharing
It’s smart to be buried with the family.
If you are doing Chrome, each tab is running independently.
If someone writes an Infinite Loop, it will ring a page.
There is only one Tab left dead.
Everything else is as usual. Firefox is about the system,
But the system will know that it is correct, after a few seconds.
The canal will ask you that the system will stop the problem.
You can avoid it.
If you really have a bad heart, of course you have to
But if you have a few lines, you can get bored with a few people, and when you follow a website, you will disappear silently.
Mandatory is doing a good job, written in April 2015, 咗crashsafari.com
But after a few months, no one went
Someone posted Post a week ago on Hacker News
Returning to my generous record, after a few days,
It’s spread out to the Internet, and it’s finally smashed.
I also talk about Click rate.
Because as long as someone reports
Others will think that the channel may be because of the story and someone clicks 嚟睇
So I’ll pick up a title and add a few hundred words.
No one will return to a source
There are 啲 or even new words
News!
Do you know that a website will succeed?
Because you will make Click to know what to do. It is a solution.
Crash Safari, dot com.
Crash Chrome dot com with Crash Firefox dot com
Do the same thing
I really want to break into it, is it a microphone?
You can simply tweet Tweeter
Send 俾 others.
But there is another reason for this: iPhone,
佢唔 止 系 系 整 你 你 个 个 个 个 个 个
Re-start your machine.
In fact, you should be nervous. Safari, a ringing iPhone on the generous Browser
Have the ability to defend against this web page
If the channel sees too much memory, or has an Infinite Loop
The channel is only Reload at most, or the Tab is extinguished.
So you can write an Infinite Loop and make a page.
You have to go out of a protection network
Let the Browser itself have an accident
A glimpse of the power of writing a software.
So Crash Safari dot com is the Infinite Loop.
I am scared by Code
The first line has a Total string. Use to save a piece of text
Just follow a line and click on a loop.
That is to say, let’s talk about the block and make 100,000 times.
Use i 嚟 as a Counter
Then enter Loop
Start with 0, then 1
Always count to 100,000 - express with words 喎
Reverberating to the back of total
The number will increase
Follow each time
Will put a paragraph of text into the Browser history.
Haiku’s push
Because changing the history of Browser is a new story.
A lot of it’s new
Have not really considered the security issue
Previously, if you went to only one Web App, it would be like Gmail 咁
Back 掣 will have an accident
You Click this email
Email content appears on the same page
Then logically,
You can click Back to go back and forth.
But the URL has not changed (repeating the same Page degree)
Follow it and become a Gmail.
Return to the previous website
Haiku "pushState" - I want to solve this problem
Web page words: "Hey
The user only sounds the page, and the page is tight.
When the channel Click Back 掣
In fact, I want to go back to the previous page.
I will know if I return, I will stir up the channel. "
But unlike the normal website,
啲pushState can be long
And there is no problem with the system.
A Browser will remember all the flaws.
The canal will record the generous instructions of each page
Join a history record. Remember a loop?
Pages will lose 100,000 data into a historical record
And each one is getting longer and longer: to the end
Each piece of data has a length of half MB
I have no good plans, but a rough estimate,
All the difference is 25GB.
But the iPhone has 1GB of RAM left.
So die soon.
Know that it is correct
Reboot
Should the microphone be checked for scary problems? of course!
Will it sound a version of iOS? possible.
In the worst case, if the conditions are right,
A loophole can make a computer or a phone.
Do any code, do anything.
But it is too likely. Reluctantly, the last dead phone call was mischievous.
How many people will there be?
But related news can help you add a few more Clicks
Or the YouTube movie is just the same. Sor9ry.
[Translate: Shane Ng]